to protect the style for your natural
ladies know as I'm showing you this is
keep in mind that you have to keep all
these styles moisturize this is just a
matter of selecting your favorite
protective style and also to inspire you
you see if you see um one of the models
in the magazines you know that means you
know it hopefully inspiring you all
right to want to try it for yourself
well okay this is another beautiful but
take the staff of the natural ladies
that's crazy huh yeah let me see hold on
to do yeah those are like dreads yeah
these are some brave create so I
selected this as well to show you ladies
all right all right let me show you just
pop a little more someone it let me just
browse through this real quick show you
some of the very best okay this is too
loud this is where to lounge that's way
too loud it is too much and I probably
weighs a ton too that's too loud all
right don't do that don't do that that's
too loud this is gorgeous but I don't
know is heavy to me I don't want to NEX
getting uncomfortable with your
protective styles
it's pretty huh but it looks too heavy
way to head its too much going on yeah
okay okay this is folding relax ladies
to see see how she put it up and off a
nice little arm hair bun I love her this
below shoulder is on what you call our
unpaid length hair or bra strap length
hair like she got on in a nice little
tightly done bun okay its prey you see I
accentuates our natural beauty it's
lovely all right all right that's it um
one last thing I wanted to talk about
rim house and I had to inspire my own
self and I was look at pictures like
these but uh you know like Janet Jackson
even though I know it's a weave but you
know it was difficult for me to find a
black woman with naturally long hair so
in my mind I made believe that it was a
real hair and that that would keep me
inspired that kids kept me inspired you
know back in the days you know this was
Shima looking for inspiration ok now for
your natural ladies I guess you could
call this a natural hair too even though
i get like i said she q as weeds and
stuff but that's you know in your mind
just pretend that it's her you're here
if you want you could choose your own
you know your own inspiration buddy show
you what i was looking at ok for some of
you that is maybe this is long enough
for you you know like if you have Nate
length hair and then you want your hair
to be this long you know you know just
look at stuff like this and see if it if
it inspires you actually put put it up
on my wall all kinds of pictures a
beautiful black woman with long hair off
on my one I wake up and that's the first
thing I see in the morning I kept me
inspired being Donna Summer love
huh yeah stuff like this keep me
inspired all right all right ladies on
tomorrow's another day um gonna discuss
the relaxer thing and hopefully I'll
teach you how to wash them here as well
just get it prepared to to wash that's
it that's it for today hope you enjoy
spending time with me again that's it
that's good bit good bye bye
you